include a reminder to avoid the 32 bit tooling on windows for the native AOT library sample (#6665)
dotnet/samples: core/nativeaot/NativeLibrary/README.md

### Loading shared libraries from C and importing methods

> For reference, you can read the file LoadLibrary.c.
> Please note that on Windows the platform (x86 and x64) must match between the dotnet aot library and the tool used to compile and link the c code; see [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/how-to-enable-a-64-bit-visual-cpp-toolset-on-the-command-line?view=msvc-170) for x64.
> The first thing you'll have to do in order to have a proper "loader" that loads your shared library is to add these directives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reference, you can read the file _LoadLibrary.c_.

> [!NOTE]
> On Windows the platform (x86 and x64) must match between the .NET AOT library and the tool used to compile and link the C code. For more information, see [How to: Enable a 64-Bit, x64 hosted MSVC toolset on the command line](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/how-to-enable-a-64-bit-visual-cpp-toolset-on-the-command-line?view=msvc-170).

The first thing you'll have to do in order to have a proper "loader" that loads your shared library is to add these directives
```
